IN THE SUPREME COURT OF GEORGIA

IN RE: MOTION TO AMEND THE UNIFORM RULES FOR SUPERIOR COURT — PROPOSED REVISIONS TO STANDARD FORMS SC-15, SC-16, SC-17, SC-18, SC-19, SC-29, SC-30, SC-22, SC-24
Comes now petitioner, [], Pro Se, and files this above styled rulemaking amendment, and shows this court the following
JURISDICTION
Rule 104 of this court provides: A request to the Court to amend the Uniform Rules of any of the classes of trial courts, or to adopt rules that deviate from the uniform rules, shall be filed with the Clerk of the Supreme Court. Internal operating procedures must also be filed with the Clerk of the Supreme Court but do not require the Court’s approval.
The applicable rule change is to Uniform Superior Court Rule 39.7
Rule 104 of this court provides: Any proposal submitted, except submissions of internal operating procedures, shall contain a statement that a copy of the proposed rule amendment has been forwarded to the State Bar for comment.
A copy is hereby sent to the State Bar for review.
HISTORY
Since the Times of the Ancient Romans, the courts of chancery have been courts to handle controversies for which there is no remedy at law.  See https://founders.archives.gov/documents/Jefferson/01-09-02-0056 . This typically would include, at the time, contracts.  In later developments, it would be used over public and private nuisances, and titles.  The traditional have changed little, although they have been abridged more for convenience.  That is, a moving party must be faced with an imminent irreparable injury in the absence of its issuance, and that they must be likely to succeed on the merits of its issuance.  That there must be a balancing of interests.  And in recent years, a balancing of public interest.  
Until the courts of law and chancery were unified, in most states (and as Delaware still does today), the courts of law and equity were separated.  Today they are separated only by jurisdictional rules, or there are supposed to be.  Because the Georgia board of bar examiners does not adequately prepare law students, or ensure that foreign imports to the state, for the courts of chancery and the First Amendment, the protection order scheme is one giant constitutional abomination where no one, especially the courts of the superior court, knows what they are doing and subsequently commit criminal acts in these star chambers.
JURY TRIAL RIGHTS I
  To the extent that there are jurisdictional rules in place, these are meant to protect the jury trial rights. See Schoenthal v. Irving Trust Co., 287 U.S. 92,94 (1932). Jury trial rights, however, are not a consideration when it comes to abating the maintenance of a public nuisance where there is an incomplete remedy.  See In re Debs, 158 U.S. 564 (1885).  That is to say that instead of arresting each say prostitute, drug user, or drug dealer, in a crackhouse or a hotel, the owner might be ordered to ensure it doesn't happen.  There are exceptions as to continuous torts that will be addressed later, but not to criminal violations.  Although there are controversies where both criminal and civil remedy may be had, a criminal remedy ends the conduct and civil is to be made whole.
THE FOREIGN THREAT
A Core problem with the stalking statute is that they are of a foreign communist import.  This court has created 31 standard boilerplate forms for the state supreme court, and nearly a third are devoted specifically to these special kinds of injunctions.  The exact nature of the original orders of the 1970s are beyond my formal scholarship, but among the actors including a Linda Gordon (Linda Gordon, Women, a journey/al of liberation, functions of the family, winter 1970, p 23; https://archive.is/MXbrx ) who called for the destruction of the nuclear family (Just as Marx did, in Ch 2 of his manifesto; https://www.marxists.org/archive/marx/works/1848/communist-manifesto/ch02.htm ), and they included actors from New York and Philadelphia.  The current practices are not that dissimilar to the Walnut Street (Philadelphia) penitentiary, where strict silence and isolation were enforced.  This Quaker practice of the penitentiary, modeled after the Catholic monastery, was created in opposition to corporeal punishment.  See Tocqueville, Alexis, On the Penitentiary System in the United States (1833), p 1, 5 ("but this absolute solitude...is beyond the strength of man; It does not reform, it kills ),  22-26; https://www.google.com/books/edition/On_the_Penitentiary_System_in_the_United/zas9AQAAMAAJ .   This practice of coerced silence and isolation has long been rejected by Protestantism.  See the Trial of John Lilburn 3 Howell State Trials, 1315, 1355 (1637), as a punishment unfit for man.   Coerced silence and Isolation have been adopted by the UN in about 1993 concerning their declaration to end violence against women, and in the process treats psychological harm as a form of violence to prevent.  In American law, absent some categorical or other exception to the First Amendment, emotional distress (or psychological harm) does not render speech unprotected, nor does the speculative fear about what a person might do justify silencing, let alone enjoining, a speaker. Snyder v. Phelps, 562 U.S. 443,___ (2011) ("Speech is powerful. It can stir people to action, move them to tears of both joy and sorrow, and—as it did here—inflict great pain. On the facts before us, we cannot react to that pain by punishing the speaker. As a Nation we have chosen a different course—to protect even hurtful speech on public issues to ensure that we do not stifle public debate."). And any imposition of a prior restraint comes to the courts with a high imposition against their constitutional validity.  Coerced silence and ostracism are extremely painful, and by destroying logos, it reduces men to mere animals.   It is a type of punishment we don't even do to a barking dog.  It is a cruel punishment but without a prison or conviction, and this subsequently violates the 14th Amendment as, absent a conviction, free men may not be punished.  But because free men are being both punished and gagged, they have been rendered without means to prosecute their cause through speech and reason and are thus left to prosecute their cause to heaven and let God be the Judge (A state of war).  Indeed, the issuance of these injunction is quite deadly.  They reflect a nonsensical Duluth model based entirely on feminist hatred of men, and these same feminists will fundraise and demand more draconian laws any time a woman dies as a result of their policy failures.  It is time to end their blood money, and remove communism from chancery.
THE UNHOLY MIX OF LAW AND EQUITY
THE RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL II
  We do not today have standing to challenge the stalking statutes per se, but can the poisonous fruit in O.C.G.A 16-5-91 and 95 be sustained given the history that an order issued in chancery will not be sustained in any court where the defendant has a right to a jury trial.  1 U.S. Volumes of the Statutes at Large. 73 (Federal Register Div. ed. 1789)  ("And be it further enacted, that suits in equity shall not be sustained in either of the courts of the United States, in any case where plain, adequate and complete remedy may be had at law". )   That this is to protect the rights of the defendant who has a right to a jury trial. 
Schoenthal v. Irving Trust Co., 287 U.S. 92,94 (1932).  O.C.G.A 16-5-91 runs into conflict with O.C.G.A 9-5-2, as issuance of an injunction shifts the jurisdiction of what may be an ordinary misdemeanor in a magistrate court with bail as a matter of right into an aggravated felony in the Superior Court where bail is an issue of how badly a county competes for OVW grants.  Similarly, contempt in Georgia is strictly in the domain of chancery.  But O.C.G.A 16-5-95 uses equity to change the jurisdiction of the court from chancery to a misdemeanor. Since chancery is for the superior courts in this state, it begs the question of whether a magistrate judge has the requisite training to deal with defenses concerning chancery since, lawyers are not learning this in law school.  In any event, chancery is unlawfully being used in the administration of law, and there is a historic principle against sustaining chancery where a defendant has a right to a jury trial.
OF VAGUENESS
    What does a "legitimate purpose mean"? No court in Georgia has ever answered that question definitively.  The US Supreme Court has struck down an anti-picketting statute in part because the savings clause "without a just cause or legal excuse" had no historic or ascertainable meaning. See Thornhill v. Alabama, 310 U.S. 88,100 (1940).   Similarly, the O.C.G.A 16-5-92 serves as a fatal flaw, as courts have found that leaving the First Amendment as an affirmative defense chills protected speech activity. see United States v. Stevens, 533 F.3d 218 (3d Cir. 2008) (en banc) (aff'd on other grounds, United States v. Stevens, 559 U.S. 460 (2010)), and was used as the basis to declare parts of the Illinois stalking statute as unconstitutional.  See People v. Relerford, 2017 IL 121094 (2017).  The US Supreme Court salvaged the core language of O.C.G.A 16-5-90, by limiting speech narrowing, as to speech based conduct, speech that causes a person a reasonable fear for their safety to be a "true threat" in Counterman v. Colorado, 600 U.S. ___ (2023).   However, savings provision may be for lawyers, not the person of ordinary intelligence who's not familiar with courts, and certainly not chancery, who are being rushed to trial often without time (10 days) to find or finance an attorney-and effectively chilled out of answering because of the ex parte prior restraint-if they ever know about civil procedures.  That is to say, at least prior to AI, people did not have the ability to know what to do or what not to do-and as to AI, the frequency with which it hallucinates is very dangerous to those who use it. 
A rulemaking change, unlike a formal declaration that the stalking statutes are unconstitutional, would be unlikely to lead to the burden of reversing convictions for charges of aggravated stalking or violating a family violence TPO-that this court either knows or should know will happen.  That is to say, that for the state, merely amending these forms would spare the judicial economy an impending headache or having to reverse convictions.  This court should take a more drastic rulemaking claim, and acknowledge that the Judicial Branch, and the Judicial Branch alone, is the ultimate authority on the authority to grant injunctions.  Either there is a remedy in law, or there isn't.
OF SPEECH
The first contention is that a temporary protection order is an order that enjoins future speech.  This is a classic unconstitutional prior restraint.  see Alexander v. United States, 509 U.S. 544, 550 (1993). It's not to say that they may not be justified in some cases, like an invasion of privacy, or a trade secret, or certain images, but in the First Amendment scheme they come to the court with a high imposition against the constitutional validity. See Bantam Books, Inc. v. Sullivan, 372 U.S. 58,70 (1963).  There is a larger problem with the permanent injunctions that enjoin constitutionally protected activity, and that is they become unenforceable. See In Re Roger Novak, Appellant, 932 F.2d 1397 (11th Cir. 1991) ("There are situations, however, where the collateral bar rule is inapplicable....Third, the order must not require an irretrievable surrender of constitutional guarantees. ").  Additionally, these orders foster content, viewpoint, and speaker-based discrimination by prohibiting indirect contact-whatever "indirect contact" means.   United States v. Playboy Entertainment Group, Inc., 529 U.S. 803,809 (2000); Simon & Schuster, Inc. v. Members of N. Y. State Crime Victims Bd., 502 U.S. 105,116 (1991); Sorrell v. IMS Health, Inc., 564 U.S. 552 (2011).  If a respondent's speech is otherwise protected, or even libelous, and it gets back to the petitioner, then the order would enjoin constitutionally protected speech or enjoin a libel.  That is to say the orders are not narrowly tailored, whether or not it is direct or indirect-whatever indirect contact means. See Citizens United v. FEC, 558 U.S. 310 (2010), ("Quite apart from the purpose or effect of regulating content, moreover, the Government may commit a constitutional wrong when by law it identifies certain preferred speakers. By taking the right to speak from some and giving it to others, the Government deprives the disadvantaged person or class of the right to use speech to strive to establish worth, standing, and respect for the speaker’s voice. The Government may not by these means deprive the public of the right and privilege to determine for itself what speech and speakers are worthy of consideration. The First Amendment protects speech and speaker, and the ideas that flow from each.").  That is, these injunctions, being speaker based discrimination, are not a content neutral regulation, nor do they leave an adequate channel of communication if they were. See Ward v. Rock Against Racism, 491 U.S. 781,791 (1989).
EX PARTE PRIOR RESTRAINTS
With that as a framework, a prior restraint may not be issues ex parte unless there is a showing it is impossible to give notice and a hearing.  see Carroll v. Princess Anne, 393 U.S. 175 (1968).  And should it be claimed that it is impossible to serve, consider the wording of the ex parte boilerplate forms requires a determination that probable cause exists. Whereas probable cause exist, there is a remedy available at law.  That is to say that even if we ignore the problems with the First Amendment in by their issuance in the first place, there needs to be a showing that the remedy at law is incomplete.   A remedy may be had through an arrest and bond condition, or upon a conviction.  Rather, the scheme at hand is to deny the accused the right to an attorney, compelled speech against a backdrop of the Fifth Amendment to any subsequent criminal charge, violate the right to a jury trial, and violate the right to understand the nature of the proceeding before him, let alone answer it, or to file notice to the AG that it is unconstitutional.  Recall, this isn't about maintaining a nuisance;  either someone is or is not engaged in criminal activity.  
ON STAY AWAY ORDERS
A second problem is the stay-away provisions.  The Supreme Court has ruled that floating buffers are unconstitutionally vague and violate the First Amendment.  See Schenck v. Pro-Choice Network of Western N. Y., 519 U.S. 357,377-378 (1997).  Fixed buffers can be legal, but only if narrowly tailored.  see id.
NO MERITS NOR HEARING ON THE MERITS
A third problem is that these boilerplate forms preclude a hearing on the merits to determine if the orders are in fact meritorious; the outcome is predetermined with a wanton disregard as to whether the order is meritorious [or legal]-coerced silence and isolation.  When you deprive men of using speech and reason, the courts have instantly elevated a controversy directly to the stage of an appeal to heaven.  Subsequently, the issuance of the orders, even the threat of their issuance, is the major driver in domestic violence homicides and suicides.  See https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2017/12/19/opinion/restraining-order-gun-violence.html  ("One-third of homicides related to intimate-partner violence occur within one month of a restraining order being issued, and one-fifth within two days, according to a 2008 study. Fifty-five percent of those homicides involve a firearm."). The communists are after the guns, that is the people's instruments of their natural right to self defense against any intruder whether a home invader or a magistrate who exceeds their authority,  by further commingling of law and equity, but a gun is really nothing more then a pin striking the primer of a bullet driving it down some type of pipe (a zip gun) and the federal law, which obviously cannot be challenged here, cannot survive a rational basis test.  If external factors are made in the balancing of interests, they are not being raised in the courtroom, nor preserved on the record, nor specifically enjoined from gun ownership but enjoined for reasons that are completely frivolous-not even the state legislature would dare pass red flag laws.  The blood is on the hands of the superior court judges who opted for communism over reason and the natural law.   Because there is no merit that the orders in a specific case are anything more than frivolousness, they too are an exception to the collateral bar rule.  See Novak, supra, ("Finally, court orders that are transparently invalid or patently frivolous need not be obeyed....This exception is based, as is the first for jurisdictional defects, on the notion that "the right of the citizen to be free of clearly improper exercises of judicial authority" demands respect.")   The legislature found the opposite, but like the retards they are, they tried to hammer a rectangle peg into a triangular hole, which had the effect of doubling a sentence merely because of a clear abuse of a judge's discretion often, as applied to mentally ill people because fundamentally the orders are without merit and there was no hearing on the merits.
THEY ARE NOT NARROWLY TAILORED, PARTY CAN SUCCEED IN THE ABSENCE OF THEIR ISSUANCE, CHANCERY MAY NOT ENJOIN THE COMMISSION OF A CRIME, DANGEROUSLY CHANGES THE RISK MANAGEMENT
Many of these violations, or the petitions themselves, typically include someone speaking, whether or not it was constitutionally protected, or not, someone wanting to see their kids, whether it was in public or by trespass.  In the cases where it is protected speech, this shows us that the orders are not narrowly tailored to prevent some specific evil.  That is, it cannot survive a test of strict scrutiny.  Many of these contacts are not intrusive; they are by letters, emails, phone calls, or social media posts.  That in the absence of block avoidance, which alone doesn't satisfy the stalking statute, all the moving party has to do is either throw the unwanted [e-]mailing in the trash or otherwise block them. There ma be instances where the speech cannot be avoided like a medical clinic, at home, or on a bus-but that alone isn't family violence or stalking, but if there is any there is a remedy in the criminal law.  That is to say they have a remedy that does not involve clogging up the judiciary with meritless petitions;  they can succeed in the absence of its issuance.   Some might just be custodial parents picking up their own kids from a bus stop, against the wishes of a neighbor.  See Turnage v Kasper, 704 S.E.2d 842 (2010).  An illegal order is still enforceable, and the remedy is through the ordinary means of appeal.  But appeals are difficult for the layperson, and indeed, as long as these injunctions have been boilerplate for some 30 years, it suggests that these appeals are difficult even for attorneys to raise obvious issues.  Other attacks can be made such as a lack of jurisdiction.  It doesn't dignify a court for issuing an injunction it should know is unconstitutional.  In the alternate where a person violates a protection order with true threats, fighting words, incitement, trespass, or violence, it returns us to the classic idiom that a court in chancery cannot enjoin what the legislature has already proscribed in law.  That is, if the state statute was unable to stop a person, then why would a court delude itself as to think it's magical signature could? Such judges are fundamentally mentally ill and unfit for the practice of law.  Woohoo, bigger punishment.  With the punishment that Louisyr (Louisyr v. State, 706 S.E.2d 114 (2011) ) faced, he probably would have served less time for murder, plea down to manslaughter, and had more visitation rights with his kids. Lassiter v. Department of Social Svcs., 452 U.S. 18 (1981).  That is, such severe disproportional sentencing, particularly having the highest tier of all paroleable offenses, eventually changes the dynamics to risk management and cost-benefit analysis.
A REAL DANGER THAT THREATENS THE RIGHT TO APPELLATE REVIEW
  This petitioner was arrested (for inviting a woman to join him for pizza by email) and held 20 months without a bond or trial for trying to appeal one-on purely an impermissible heckler's veto (one where a police officer merely used labels and conclusions, and said the intent of the speaker was to help the victim overcome her paranoia).  The federal court, which has a pending FRCP 60(d)(3) for fraud on the court, corruptly protected the cop [who altered the appeal] by saying there is no right to appeal-even though there is (O.C.G.A. 5-6-35)-and refused to consider the first amendment, jump right to an argument that a single violation of a protection order can be probable cause, invented her own contentions [falsely saying it was my contention that it wasn't my intent to make her afraid; When my contention was that there was nothing that would make her afraid, and with the First Amendment how she felt was irrelevant], even in the complete absence of any pattern or conduct that would make a person reasonable afraid for their safety.  That is, in the guise of this incompetent federal judge, even a non-verbal property dispute associated with these injunctions creates probable cause for an arrest of aggravated stalking without having to satisfy any of the elements of the stalking statutes.  In United States v. Baker, 890 F. Supp. 1375 (E.D. Mich. 1995), the federal courts found that a student held 29 days without bond was alarming (id, n.5), when he was posting online sex stories to include casting a classmate as a minor, raping her, torturing her, and killing her. During the true threats standard at the time, Baker's storytelling was protected speech.  In contrast, since stalking is bailable only before a superior court, he schemes of the county with the MOUs with the courts and other parties are to ensure a person doesn't get a bond-even in counties without this unholy scheme, it could take up to 90 days to indict to then bind the matter over to the superior court for a bond.  Even a father (State v John Marvin Miller, Cobb County, (2012-2014-ish) sending his kids happy birthday letters was held over a year without a bond, in a warrant where the detective swore there "was no threat per se", and the victim contacted the D.A. to say there was nothing threatening.  For whatever his reasons, he pleaded guilty. Another man arrested for allegedly driving by his ex's workplace and giving her a double middle finger was held without bond, then took a plea deal.  These are part of county schemes to collect VAWA funds, then under 42 U.S.C. 3796(hh).  The VAWA money, up to a 10K fine, up to 10 years annuity (probation).  They will gag anyone for anything knowing the layperson cannot defend himself (the hearings are rushed no time to find or finance an attorney, a fear that pre trial motions might violate the order, when the pre-trial might be more important than the trial itself, traditional litigators immunity can be interrupted by a corrupt cop who may be shielded with qualified immunity completely destroying due process), and with an 81% chance that a protection order will be violated, it is quite the profit incentive as the crime has been committed by the superior court judges and their police officers.  This scheme has nothing to do about crime and punishment or proportionality; it is a bloody criminal enterprise that needs to be abolished and its victims in need of compensation-if they are still alive.

CHALLENGE AS TO SC-15
As to the un-enumerated first paragraph, we'll call paragraph 0.  The court has declared that the moving party established that probable cause exists in "that Respondent has committed acts of Family Violence..."  At that point, the court loses jurisdiction.  See O.C.G.A.  9-5-1.  If the person meets the criteria for an injunction, they also met the criteria for a warrant application, and the judge may issue the warrant immediately. See O.C.G.A. 17-4-40(b)(1)&b(6)(F).  Because the offenses are at least misdemeanors, and not mere petty offenses, the defendant has a right to a jury trial.  "When a defendant is charged with a violent crime against a specific victim, it is within the trial court's inherent powers to require that the defendant avoid any contact with the victim as a condition of remaining free pending trial. Such condition is not arbitrary or capricious; it is a reasonable response to the trial court's function of balancing the defendant's rights with the public's safety interests, while avoiding the intimidation of prosecuting witnesses. ", Clark v. State, 228 Ga. App. 219, 491 S.E.2d 450 (1997). The remedy in the criminal law precludes the argument that it would be continuous injury; the moving party is likely to succeed in the absence of its issuance.  What the legislature has done is take away the right of the accused to have a jury trial and the benefit of an attorney.

Starting at paragraph 5, the order seeks to enjoin a person from doing, attempting, or threatening to do any act of injury, maltreatment, molesting, following, harassing, harming or abusing the petitioner and/or the minor children.  

There is no clear definition as to what maltreatment is in this context.  It can apply to medical, child welfare, and military contexts.  Limited to a Google site search of, site:justia.com/cases/georgia maltreatment, or, site:justia.com/codes/georgia maltreatment, there is no definitive answer. It can be most obvious in some cases, but not so obvious in others.   The concept of maltreatment can, and does, enter into the realm of the academic state where emotional and psychological abuse can be defined as maltreatment.  The definition of child maltreatment syndrome might be broad enough to categorize whether a child was vaccinated for covid-19 as child neglect.  See https://pmc.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/articles/PMC5308147/ ("Our search yielded 9 cases from 5 states.  Most courts (7 of 9) considered vaccine refusal to constitute neglect. In the 4 cases decided in jurisdictions that permitted religious exemptions, courts either found that vaccine refusal did not constitute neglect or considered it neglect only in the absence of a sincere religious objection to vaccination.").  First, we posit that there are either criminal law violations or there are not.  Those that are criminal law violatons may have both remedies in the criminal law and in tort.  For the more ambiguous areas, there is the rule of lenity.  In other matters concerning children or vulnerable adults, there are DFACs and APS-and more due process protections are afforded as to parents.  See 15-11-103.

The term "harass" has been declared unconstitutionally overbroad.  See Coates v. City of Cincinnati, 402 U.S. 611,612 (1971).  

As far as the term following, it might be annoying (Coates), but absent a trespass, threats, fighting words, battery, reckless driving, other crime, or a violation of privacy,  it is not proscribable conduct when done in public.  There is an exception, and that is where the civil remedy at law is incomplete due to its continuance.  Such an example can be found in Galella v. Onassis, 353 F. Supp. 196 (S.D.N.Y. 1972).  Even if we were to consider there might be associated torts to be filed in an act of family violence, the criminal remedy at law, upon conviction for each offense, puts it to an end.  Additionally, restrictions can be added as part of Bond, probation, or parole. 

As to violence, molestation, and harm.  The state already has criminal remedies for Threats, assault, battery, and aggravations of each kind-as well as sexual assaults, rape, and sodomy.  The state may not enjoin what it has already made illegal by statute.

at paragraph 6.  We'll observe the same criteria as 5, but it is directed at pets.  Georgia already has animal cruelty laws, but for fish and niche pets like pests.  Similarly, Georgia's Terrorist threats law, namely, 16-11-37(b)(1)(C)&2(A), should cover pets since pets are property.  Other than niche pets, Georgia already provides a remedy at law.  As applied to the niche pets, ordinary trespass law (16-7-21), criminal damage to property (OCGA § 16-7-23), home invasion (16-7-5), and in some cases extortion, covers them too.  Additionally, this relief would be unrelated to family violence unless it was filed specifically for criminal damage as it relates to that person's pets.  This might be an application of abuse of process to circumvent actual custody over a family pet- through unclean hands-because of the existing remedies at law. 

Paragraph 7 is a complete lie.

Like Paragraph 6, paragraphs 8-10 are about the living arrangements.  Particularly, it provides a vehicle for a swift eviction, even from a person's own home that they have full title to, effectively creating a squatter to live rent free.  This violates the concept of a balancing of interest, and the burden of finding a new place to live only adds to the financial woes of trying to find an attorney in under 10 days.  The traditional waiver of service provisions in normal civil matters are to allow a person to have time to find an attorney.  These provisions offer no protection as to the person who holds the actual title or lease.  
That is, for sections 8 & 9 to remain, at a minimum the moving party must declare under oath that they hold the title or lease to the property should they expect to continue living there.  But then paragraph 8 would be moot under the castle doctrine. Without full ownership of the title or lease, it is the petitioner's duty to leave rather than squat in a property that isn't theirs.  If the ownership is shared, or otherwise subject to equitable division, it should be through a separate appropriate action such as a divorce or in tort. Because there has not yet been any finding of domestic violence, there has not yet been any due process to justify denying normal procedural due process protections to a respondent to effectively provide accelerated divorce remedies to a petitioner. However, the no-contact provision of the bond order is binding without the need for sections 8-9.  
Paragraph 10 is for money damages, not about control of the lease, nor the equitable division of property. If there is grounds for an equitable division of property, alimony, or child support, it may be heard in a formal divorce proceeding.  
The idea behind a PFA injunction is the frivolous idea of using equity "to bring about a cessation of acts of family violence" (19-13-4).  Enabling a party to squat or live rent-free in the respondent's home or a joint home is irrelevant to this objective.  A Squatting petitioner is free to stay in the county jail, if necessary; the sheriff has a duty to protect the inmates and provide 2 nutritious meals a day rather than add an extra financial burden to the respondent.  
Paragraph 11 has substantial problems where the court seeks to impose a stay-away order.  It presents a serious problem of how does one stay away from a point where no one knows where that point is.  
Paragraph 12 is unnecessary, because a remedy exists through the warrant.  That is, a simple no-trespass warning is sufficient without the extraordinary writ of an injunction.  Additionally, some buildings and workplaces may either be public (such as a town hall) or wear multiple hats (such as a school facilitating elections, or hosting a school board meeting).  While we can argue about the technicalities of, say, when a school isn't a school based upon a function, we can't expect two ordinary laypersons, or law enforcement, understand the distinction-let alone the trial court.  That is to say, that this paragraph is not narrowly tailored in that it enjoins, and effectively chills, protected First Amendment activity.
Paragraph 13 is a forbidden floating buffer that violates the First Amendment.
Paragraph 14 on its own is a prior restraint as discussed earlier.  While there may be some earlier theories about lesser protections for private speech, without needing to address that issue, the captive audience doctrine makes it clear.  A person can throw a letter away (Bolger v. Youngs Drug Products Corp., 463 U.S. 60,72 (1983)); they may block a number; block an email address; or block a social media user.  To the extent some people use block evasion, a block evasion is unrelated "to bring about a cessation of acts of family violence".  Additionally, this is an ex parte order, which makes such prior restraints a violation of the due process clause unless it can be shown it is impossible to serve the respondent.  See Carrol, supra.  

Paragraph 15 can be handled through the criminal warrant and divorce.
Paragraph 16-18,22 can be handled through a formal divorce through equitable division of property; a demand for money by the petitioner at this stage is a matter sounding in tort, not chancery, and is unrelated " to bring about a cessation of acts of family violence".
Paragraph 20-21,23-24 are unrelated "to bring about a cessation of acts of family violence", and are more relevant to a divorce proceeding. 
Overall this form is mostly irrelevant to the issue of "bring[ing] about a cessation of acts of family violence".  It has some frivolous arguments that the feminist claim would prevent future acts of violence (para 5,6,12,13,14), but for which the law already provides a complete remedy or is otherwise forbidden under the First Amendment.  The bulk of this boilerplate form is completely unrelated to bringing about a cessation of acts of family violence, but is geared more to an accelerated divorce (para 8,9,10, 15, 16,17,18,19,20,21,22,23,24) with the petitioner effectively taking all without so much s a hearing while burdening the petitioner with extra financial cost where the time window to answer, if he even knows he can answer, is desired to be in under 10 days instead of the standard 30.

This boiler sheet must decide what it actually is.  Is it an injunction to somehow bring about the cessation of violence that violates the right of the accused to have a jury trial, or is it a purely an ex parte accelerated divorce to effectively rob a man blind on an accusation, that is more likely false, without so much as a jury trial.  There is nothing equitable about this TRO. 

SC-16
Paragraph 4 starts out making bold statements, on an inferior burden of evidence (clear and preponderance, which is improper when liberty rights are involved.  see Santosky v. Kramer, 455 U.S. 745,756 (1982)), that the respondent has committed an act of family violence, and placed the petitioner in a reasonable fear for her safety, and represents a credible threat to her safety.  Of course, there has been no conviction, no right to an attorney, usually no discovery, there may not have even been an appearance due to employment or academic obligations, or like this petitioner in another case, suffered a panic attack, and was unable to defend such an action.  But the standard of being a credible threat to the petitioner is the incorrect standard.  The standard is that the moving party must be facing not a credible threat, but is facing an imminent and irreparable injury (which may very well be a credible threat).  Mere apprehension of injury is not sufficient to issue an injunction, even if the mere apprehension of injury would cause a reasonable fear.  In any event, the criminal statutes already provides full, adequate, and complete remedies at law.  If the criminal law, which again has the same no-contact provisions, does not stop the credible threat of more often than not the respondent effectively breathing, then choosing the equitable route is similarly without merit.  Much like SC-15 para 5, which this court can review our comments as to not repeat ourselves, it enjoins conduct that either has no ascertainable meaning, has been ruled to be unconstitutionally overbroad, or enjoins conduct already made illegal by statute. 
Paragraph 6 is also fatally flawed, as we have argued in SC-15.
Paragraph 7 is a lie, because the court lacks jurisdiction to grant these orders.

Paragraph 8 is also fatally flawed that can be handled through trespass law, as we have argued in SC-15, para 13.  Additionally, it chills more protected First Amendment activity than is necessary.
Paragraph 9 is also fatally being a floating buffer, as we have argued in SC-15, para 13. 
Para 11 is also fatally being a floating buffer, as we have argued in SC-15, para 13-and before. 
para 12 is a prior restraint.
Similarly to the defects in SC-15, most of these paragraphs serve the purpose of an accelerated divorce in a hearing that is expected to be heard in under 10 days, which is far less than the time to answer a formal divorce petition.  These are matters that ultimately involve child custody, personal property, and possibly real estate worth hundreds of thousands or millions of dollars, and implicates a person's reputation, speech, and gun ownership rights.  That is to say, this financial imbalance creates a profit incentive to create false allegations, as to deny a repondent adequate due process not just in a formal divorce but to also deny him a right to an attorney and jury trial for a violent accusation.  After all, para 4 reads "That the Respondent has violated the Family Violence Act, O.C.G.A. § 19-13-1 et seq.,[pco01,08] by committing family violence, has placed the Petitioner in reasonable fear for Petitioner’s safety, and represents a credible threat to the physical safety of Petitioner, Petitioner’s child/ren, and/or household pet(s)"  This form is not equitable, there is absolutely no balancing of interest, and this is damaging to the public interest.  Notably, there is no hearing on the merits.  

Para 28 would be a type of controlled speech, where a person has to attend a family violence intervention program-FVIP programs adhere to the Duluth model, which is a bunch of feminist flavored communist gobbily gook.   FVIP group acts on the belief "that violence is viewed as learned behavior that is primarily motivated by a desire, whether conscious or unconscious, by the abuser to control the victim", and nonetheless admits to a high recidivism rate.   Ultimately, all people know what to do and what not to do.  76% of the time, intimate partner violence is the result of substance abuse. In other cases to may be due to mental illnesses-perhaps from external stresses, anger management issues, hormonal issues, or blood pressure issues, some might be genetic and dare I say racial.   This failure rate, if it is capable of working at all, is due to the fixation on a single cause that effectively misses at least 76% of the population.  Subsequently, studies have found marginal to no improvement in the rehabilitation of domestic violence perpetrators-and it's not rocket science to understand why.  With the blessing of the Council of the Superior Court, the Superior Courts awarded a communist agency a perpetuity of monthly duties by those the court ordered into these programs that have fundamentally no merit.  The court, if it wants to mandate such counseling, should consider mother intervention programs more sound in reason.  See https://research.iastate.edu/2022/04/26/first-of-its-kind-study-compares-domestic-violence-programs-finds-promising-results/.  It is not this petitioner's ambition to select an alternative, but merely to point to the foundational failure of the Duluth model the court presently uses.
Para 29 is a showing why the court should not grant the injunction, because it is being mixed with the criminal law to take away peoples gun ownership rights.  The criminal law is being used to take away people's gun ownership rights, in the absence of a hearing on the merits if a gun restriction is required-which can be avoided by creating a simple zip gun. The enforcement of this criminal law would require an impermissible mix of law and chancery.  So far, the state legislature has refused to implement a red flag law.  In a balancing of the public interest, chancery has a duty to dismiss any injunction that restricts gun rights without at least a hearing on the merits-as the federal government suspiciously attempts in the regulation of interstate commerce by the impermissible mix of law and chancery.  See Ga. Const, Article I, Para VIII.
SC-22
SC-22 is an abridged version of SC-16, but for the fact that the order lasts 3 years instead of one.  The arguments against this order are inherited from past arguments.
SC-17
Para 0.  Immediately, the court should take notice that the grounds for the issuance of the TRO fail to pass any of the 4 tests. Notably, it doesn't specify that the act alleged violation is a continuous and irreparable injury-making the form fatally flawed.  The petitioner alleged the acts were in violation of O.C.G.A 16-5-90, which is a criminal offense, and the court said that there appears to be probable cause.  With the probable cause that a specific crime has been found, equity is entirely without jurisdiction.
para 1.  The statute doesn't define what is an immediate family member.  In past research, we have been unable to find a definition as it relates to the stalking statutes, and our Justia search mechanism has failed to identify any new cases with the term "immediate family member " and "16-5-90". The term "immediate family member" might also vary based upon the hat worn, such as the mother of a murder victim, employees on a school board, or state lottery. The closest definition that might apply is ("The basic fundamental husband-male head of household, wife-female unemancipated child concept, the peace and tranquility of which is protected by public policy is the immediate family unit household because no institution is more deeply rooted in our history and heritage than this defined family unit."), Maddox v Queen, 150 Ga. App. 408, 257 S.E.2d 918 (1979).  To extend this further would invite mother-in-laws or should be mother-in-laws to interfere in the most basic decisions between adult partners in a relationship.  The legal standard in the stalking statute is not harass and/or intimidate.  Harass, as we discussed earlier (Coates, Supra), was unconstitutionally overbroad;  The term intimidate is salvageable as a term of legal art as a restriction in law (not equity), as it is a word of legal art limited as a type of true threats. See  Virginia v. Black, 538 U.S. 343,360 (2003).  Additionally, this restriction is a prior restraint, and might also interfere in a willing listener's desire to hear what all a speaker has to say.  Certainly a spouse might want to know if he new wife shagged 1000 guys a night during college, even if this truthful information might cause the wife to reasonably fear what her husband might do. Is it private information? Probably not if over 1000 guys know.   Granted, the Georgia stalking statute has been narrowed to true threats; we can't expect the layperson, let alone lawyers, understand how every statute was saved because it would otherwise be unconstitutionally overbroad and remains unconstitutionaly vague.  

Para 2 is an unconstitutional floating buffer, and has a fixed buffer that is not narrowly tailored.
Paragraph 3 has the same defect of immediate family member being undefined.  It has the same defect as 1 being an unconstitutional prior restraint, that may violate a willing listeners desire to hear what all a speaker has to say, and whereas the moving party can merely block or discard a communication without the need for an injunction, it is not the type of extraordinary relief that a petitioner is entitled to.  Additionally, being an ex parte prior restraint, its issuance violates due process unless there is a showing that it is impossible to serve the respondent.  The same type of relief may be had by going through a warrant.
Paragraph 6 is fatally flawed.  Contrary to O.C.G.A 16-5-91, equity cannot be sustained where a defendant has a right to a jury trial.  There is a civil law exception, but not to criminal law in Georgia.  Go through the warrant.
Para 8 is false, as this court has no jurisdiction.
SC-18
Para 0.  There is never a good cause to grant these kinds of injunctions
Para 1 leaves in a fill-in-the-blank as to conduct that could or would be an Aggravated felony.  This is a fundamental violation of the non-delegation principle, and a violation of the consent of the governed.  It is for the legislature to make the criminal laws, not the courts.  Furthermore, this becomes yet again another injunction enjoining people from violating the criminal law.  As previously argued,  petitioner can go through a warrant application and obtain the same relief.  We also double down that where a defendant has a right to a criminal jury trial, that equity cannot be sustained.  The provision threatening O.C.G.A 16-5-91 is void on its face, and using chancery to evince a pattern of conduct, or even leaving it as an element, or for any cause, is poisonous fruit that cannot be sustained.
Para 2 is an unconstitutional floating buffer.
Paragraph 3 has the same defect of immediate family member being undefined.  It has the same defect as 1 being an unconstitutional prior restraint, that may violate a willing listener's desire to hear what all a speaker has to say, and whereas the moving party can merely block or discard a communication without the need for an injunction, it is not the type of extraordinary relief that a petitioner is entitled to.
Para 5, the order is void on its face and is frivolous.
Para 6.  Law enforcement violate clearly established constitutional rights if they enforced O.C.G.A 16-5-91 purely on the bases of a violation of an injunction.
Para 7.  The court has no jurisdiction, and there is no full faith and credit in these orders.
Para 8 is compelled speech, and more often than not it is the petitioner who needs psychiatric care.  O.C.G.A 16-5-94(d)(3) actually provides that the court can order either or both parties to counseling.
Para 9 should never be granted, because the courts are without jurisdiction.
Para 10 is a showing why the court should not grant the injunction, because it is being mixed with the criminal law to take away people's gun ownership rights.  The criminal law is being used to take away gun ownership rights, in the absence of a hearing on the merits if a gun restriction is required-which can be avoided by creating a simple zip gun. The enforcement of this criminal law would require an impermissible mix of law and chancery.  So far, the state legislature has refused to implement a red flag law. 
SC-24
SC-24 is fundamentally similar to SC-18, but for some caveats.  One of the bigger Caveats would be to the extent this is a permanent order that would enjoin constitutionally protected rights, which makes the order void on its face.  Other caveats is that the first paragraph allows the judge to put in a specific finding of what the order is granted in this form, but doesn't allow the judge to write in what constitutes a new felony (unlike SC-18).  &he other distinction is paragraph 5 concerning how long the order is allowed to live.
Because of the similarities between SC-24 and SC-18, the same objections are incorporated, but for the caveats.
SC-29
SC-29 includes the text (page 2): "The Court further finds that probable cause exists that the following act(s) of Dating Violence has/have occurred in the past and may occur in the future:"  This fails to meet the criteria of the issuance of an injunction for 2 obvious reasons.  There is a remedy available in the law, and second, this uses a standard of an apprehension of injury and not the criteria of an imminent and irreparable injury.
The order itself is similar to SC-15, but for no divorce action.  However, in the absence of an equitable division of the property, the order again considers property, who has the residency, and who has the pets, with instructions of essentially do not convert or destroy the other person's property.  These types of relief are unrelated to reducing domestic violence.
All the constitutional issues raised as to SC-15 are likely incorporated here, to avoid repetition.
SC-30
Analogous to how SC-29 is an abridged version of SC-15, SC-39 is an abridged version of SC-16.  
We incorporate our reasons in both SC-29 and SC 16 why relief is improper.
SC-19
SC-19 is missing an award of respondent attorney fees as provided in O.C.G.A. 16-5-94(d)(4)
The court has a sua sponte duty to dismiss these suits in chancery and transfer them to the law court.
The form is lacking a duty to dismiss sua sponte for any grounds rooted in chancery.  Including the ability to avert one's eyes, to throw away a mailing, to block a user.
The form is also lacking dismissal due to a violation of the clean hands doctrine.

PROPOSED NEW SC-19
ORI Number _____________________

IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF ________________________________ COUNTY
STATE OF GEORGIA
_______________________________ Civil Action No. ___________________
Petitioner
v.
_______________________________
Respondent
DISMISSAL OF TEMPORARY PROTECTIVE ORDER
IT IS HEREBY ORDERED that the (Petition) (Counter-Petition) (both Petition and Counter-Petition)
[strike through as appropriate] for Temporary Protective Order filed on the _____ day of
________________________, 20___, is hereby dismissed without prejudice:
[ ] The only conduct alleged is purely speech, and it is not fighting words, True threats, incitement, defamation, Obscenity, child porn, speech integral to criminal conduct, or related to the invasion of privacy.  Therefore, there is no probable cause.
[] Probable cause was not found.  The petitioner may speak with the police, solicitor, or district attorney about proceeding with a warrant through their training.
[]  Probable cause was found to exist for a violation of O.C.G.A. 16-5-90, et seq, or o O.C.G.A. §§ 19-13-1 et seq.  Because a remedy exists in the criminal law, which is not a petty offense, the petition must be dismissed, as a court does not have chancery jurisdiction.  The Court Instead, sua sponte, issued a warrant application including the sworn testimony, and the warrant will include conditions of bond to include no Contact with the victim, and an order not to violate the laws of this state, and that he may not tresspass at the petitioners home[ ], private work place[ ], or school when its current function is exclusively that of a school [].  The Warrant number is: _____ and is attached as Exhibit 1, unless otherwise sealed.  
[ ] OTHER: __________________________________________________________.
So ordered this _____ day of ________________________, 20___.
___________________________
Judge Superior Court
_____________ County, Georgia
___________________________
Print or stamp Judge’s name
[ ] Transmitted to Georgia Protective Order Registry
Date ___________________________________
Clerk/Deputy Clerk _______________________

CONCLUSION:
  15 of the enumerated boilerplate Superior Court forms, roughly half, involve the special category of protection orders.  These are order in chancery that have become a perversion of the most basic constitutional rights (the first amendment, due process, 5th amendment, Jury Trial Rights, right to an attorney (both in regard to a criminal trial that ought to take place, but also because of the accelerated nature of these hearings), self representation, 2nd amendment rights, possibly even the 3rd amendment if a petitioner serves in the military), and the test of chancery, and the historic separations between law and chancery-more because the orders enjoin liberty rights, the preponderance of the evidence standard is wrong- a court would, and even then it may not be proper given they are constitutional rights, use a clear and convincing evidence standard (Santosky v. Kramer, 455 U.S. 745,756 (1982)  (This Court has mandated an intermediate standard of proof -- "clear and convincing evidence" -- when the individual interests at stake in a state proceeding are both "particularly important" and "more substantial than mere loss of money.")).  It has likely enriched unscrupulous friends of the counsel of the superior court.  It also created a financial incentive for a moving party to come to the court with unclean hands to gain an unfair advantage in what otherwise could be divorce proceedings worth hundreds of thousands of dollars-or even millions-, child custody, and matters that would otherwise demand monetary damages to be made whole sounding in tort or a separate divorce action protecting pocedural due process rights.  The common theme as to the Title-19 based petitions is a mix of frivolous and unlawful remedies said to prevent further instances of domestic violence, and the majority of the remedies geared not to the prevention of violence but-as to personal property, pets, and the use of real property-are matters that are curative by money not sounding in equity but in law.  While it is true that a divorce is an equitable action, a divorce also includes a 30 day window in which to find an attorney and answer-whereas these protection order proceedings can force a "man" out of his home, where he has to find new shelter (or finance his spouses shelter), while trying to finance an attorney, and, unless electronic, doesn't physically have evidence as to defend his property interest if he is barred from his own property-and discovery is rare in a Temporary protection order case.  All the time not knowing if he can file motions, because he is under threat of arrest for contact and there is not ample time when the state threatens aggravated stalking for even attempting to have meaningful access to what is truly a kangaroo court-a house of Tudor styled star chamber. Lilburne, Supra. The fundamental balancing of interest is broken.  Once we remove the financial incentives, the remedies to prevent future violence are not convincing.  The issuance of a prior restraint might be the greatest lethality factor, because, as has been known for some 2500 years, it reduces a man's ability to use reason as to his causes, leaving him only to prosecute his cause to the heavens-that is a war.  Stay-away orders have been ruled unconstitutional when floating, or must be narrowly tailored when fixed, but may nonetheless be remedied through trespass law.  The rest of these orders are used to effectively say you are enjoined from committing a crime, equity has no jurisdiction to enjoin the commission of a crime unless it is related to the maintenance of a public nuisance.  See Securities and Exchange Commission v. Carriba Air, Inc., et al., 681 F.2d 1318 (11th Cir. 1982).  Nonetheless, the issuance of a protection order requires, at a minimum, probable cause.  A finding of probable cause offers the same time of harm prevention relief, in theory, that a protection order does, through the ordinary bond process.  Does a bond condition offer a victim more protection than a protection order? It is reasonable to consider he might direct his current focus towards the state, and in understanding the gravity of the evidence for the world to see, but if the blame is with the victim, then nothing changes.  In theory, a criminal prosecution should be safer for a victim.  If she is threatened not to witness against him, that is a new felony charge, and an aggravated stalking.  But in any event, if a person truly was presented as an imminent and irreparable injury, it is a delusion to expect that an injunction or bond order could stop it.  There is no place in equity for a temporary protection order in this manner.  The petitioner, being a layperson, is not well researched as to the bond conditions and will not disturb the current practice.  In any event the permanent order is fatally flawed, and can be ignored as a exception to the collateral bar rule-and the temporary injunctions are not constitutionally permissible.

Wherefore for the above reasons, the petitioner prays:
1.  The Court Amends and deletes SC-15,SC-16, SC-17, SC-18, SC-22, SC-24 SC-29,SC-30
2. Amend SC-19 as defined above.
Respectfully Submitted, this the 30th Day of July, 2026
