Yuri warned us in the 1980s about ideological subversion.  That it will only take a full generation for us to lose our values.  And that has been several generations ago when he spoke it, and it was already in the process of happening.

Today, due to the communists atack on Netanyahu, there is a renewed opposition to commmunism.  Only todays actors don't even know what communism is.  They might call the old Pan and circus model communism because it is a type of welfare.  Communism is far more nefarious than siezing the means of productions. It calls for the destruction of the family, and a "social" education.  And these educations can be quite brutal and murderous.  And they often entail agricultural practices that have killed millions.  It turns out communists don't make very good farmers, despite their 10 primary objectives.

//indictment
In contrast there is a question that has been asked, as this country moves more and more to the left.  What is this country conserving, if the republican party is just the democrats of 10-20 years ago.  What we are supposed to conserve has for the most part been prohibited in this country in a formal education, save for maybe an upper level, possibly phd level, course in philosophy.  What kind of careers are you likely to get with a philosophy degree?  Medical or corporate ethics?  whose ethics?, which is often nothing more that a guise to commit an evil but sugar coat why it "had" to be done.  Our founding framework was based upon a Locke inspired Protestant idea.  I'm not going to post his two treatises, but an abridged version can be found in the declaration of independance.  Although someone aspiring to be a lawyer is encouraged to read both books, particularly book II.  Early Catholicism was quite barbaric, whether it was the spanish inquisition, Bloody Mary, the Black Legend, or the claim the Byzantines would prefer their Muslim occupiers over their Roman country part.  Some may protest protestantism over the treatment of "witches", but I do hesitate on agreement for I have not read the ancient tome Malleus Maleficarum in which I understand, rightly or wrongly, they were engaged in the practice of Abortion.  A John Lilburn in his first trial invoked the bible and pagan practices for a defense, which isn't too uncommon even 100 years ago.  He was made to answer to a star chamber and told to give an unlawful ex oficio oath, for which he refused.  The star chamber, like the modern communism and family courts, seems to find all those who stand before it guilty. Like the Communist red Gaurd and bolsheviks, they inflicted all sorts of punishment upon him even though he had committed no wrong.  They included gagging him, holding him in gaol for years without guilt, rendering him immobile, denying him contact visitors, was whipped with 10000 stripes, denied access to a physician to tend to his wounds, and denying him food. To which he, or his lawyer, turned to the teachings of Jesus against these Catholic antichrist.  Some who are familiar with PLRA, might be familiar with these rights.  This case is also responsible for our 5th and 6th amendment.  Although there ae niche exceptions to the contrary, the Romans, some of these Jewish Traditions, would not starve an prisoner to death, give a person more than 40 (39) stripes of a whip, nor deny them contact visits, and the new testament reports about people visiting those in prison.  The Ottomans would feed their slaves, and tend to their medical needs.  As far as gagging a man, despite tales of the Scolds Bridle, it was almost unheard of in England except for cases of blaspheme.  It wasn't fit for a punishment for a man, but for beast, as man differed through speech and reason (logos).  In all these arguments, Lilburn shown that the house of Tudor was acting beneath the standard of a christian nation with a christian king.  And this argument would carry forward with John Wesley, a thought upons slavery, of the cruelty of the Jamaican slaveowners who would hang loafs of bread over slaves who would be starved to death. Something not even the muslims would do.
Similarly since the ancient times there have been 4 basis for people to fall into slavery.  One is for the punishment of a crime, one is to sell oneself to settle a debt, another to agree to perform a job for money (Salary), and a final method was to be captured in a just war.  There may have been other restrictions like A jew could not enslave another Jew perpetually for which there was a jubilee, A christian to another Christian, and a Muslim to another muslim.  There may be various caveats, and some caveats may be in theory since Slavery was banned in England itself.  While it wasn't the Catholics who did this per se, and the Catholics spoke against these practices, the Spanish when they came to America would demand that the indians pledge Obediance to the Spanish king and to Christ.  Although De la Casa's black legend may be exagerated, the Indians did not understand the Spanish, they never heard of this foreign king let alone consent to be governed by him, and Christ certainly would not have wanted "christians" killing unbelievers.  It had global reprocussions, and maybe led to Japan purgeing it self of christianity and closing off its broders, save for Dijima, for centuries.  While the Old testament may be more about about the Jewish governance and history, Christ teachings was about how to live with others.  And this is what we need to conserve.
And going back to locke, and likely Hugo Gratius whom I have yet to read, western societies were not based upon attacking an enemy.  War was dreaded, as Recognized in vattel's the law of nations, ch 3 part 24, and the sovereign is responsible for every house burned. Rather a Declaration of war was issued to an opposing nation and to a nuetral nation. The opposing nation may accept the war, or may alternatively sye for peace.  A nation didn't have to follow these protocols, but the dignity of a nation demanded it.  No Country wanted to be the country to strike first.  That is why countries do false flags attacks to protect its own dignity, such as With Germany and Poland.  And even Germany served the United states declaration of war after pearl harbor, and the united states prosecuted their war.  This is also supposed to be the model in legal controversies too.  That is, we are supposed to have a nuetral judge decide a controversy.  But if no nuetral judge could be found, or the proceeding unust, a party may then prosecute his appeal to the heaven (war). Although the term appeal to heaven may refer to trial by combat, or the duel rather than outside vigilantism.  Code Duello would often include seconds to try to negotiate for peace as to avoid violence itself.  This is worth conserving.
For the Zionist who live amng us, Christ told the first Christians to Flee Israel and  head to Pella Jordan for not a stone will remain standing. For those who recieve money from Israel to praise the nation, the Apostle paul specifically told you, the parasiti class, that if you do not work you should not eat.   Why do you sell out the dignity of your home nation, for the benefit of a warmongering nation who committed a genocide following what was likely a false flag attack-which teh country is known for.  The parasiti were a caste of sloths who similarly gave praises of the elite, and may be paid or rewarded with food for.  if they were lucky they might be invited to the patrons home to be humiliated for guest.  Being a parasiti is not followiing Christ's teachings.  
Tere is also the concept that the punihment for a crime out to be proportional. We can see this reflected in Jeffersons call for a proportional punishment of Crimes in about 1779.  The Red coats could not shoot an American without a court order, but the Irish were not so Lucky.  Guess who replaced our militias as police after the Irish famine.  A person charged with a misdemeanor might not even face pre-trial detention, except upon a failure to appear when summoned.  What is roportional about weeks, months, or even years in prison?  It is arbitrary, not rehabilitated, and does not make a person nor society whole.  As conservatives, we need to reject Prison, save for death penalty cases, and resore propotional punishment.

A non-citizen could not own Land in England.  We should not allow foreigners to buy our land or our comporations, although we should allow the mutual leasing of rights to develop produects in our home countries.

So what is it conservatives are conserving, the truth is the republican party has lost their way a long time ago.  A King had a duty to be a Christian leader, and the dignity of a state didn't mean to immunize itself from suit but to handle its own affairs.  Antiochus IV was regarded as an old testament antichrists, but our courts would tend to protect those, and their offices, who would commit the same horrors today.  Qualified immunity renders a person accosted by the state actor unable to be made whole, and worse may face the additional burden of paying the legal fees of the officer who accosted him for the act of seeking a petition for a redress of grievances.  Democrats were all in favor of abolishing Qualified immunity, until they could abuse the J6 Political prisoners. Where do consevatives stand on Qualified immunity today?   Why did we strike Iran First without a declaration of war.  Why are we enforcing our laws over a people who never consented to our jurisdiction, failed to satisfy the international shoe test, who doesn't even speak our language, hundreds of miles away.  Why do we have a penitentiary system rooted in the Catholic monestary, rather than deploying a system of proportional punishment.  To those who are demanding tough sentences to set the example, how is that proportional.  Years in prisonment was considered worse than hours on the rack, and the rack was disabling.  To those who say deny a bond, jut wait until the communist lock you up.  The ugly part of a democracy is always the death penalty matters.  Should christians support the death penalty when the eath penalty is proportional.  Christ wanted us to live with others and recognize that Caesar was in charge in Rome, I don't expect he'd be wanting us to personally demand death-but not, nonetheless, expect us to arry swords for defense.  It is better for a King's court and the common law, not a democracy with statutes, I suppose than to answer that question.  There may be some argument, and I don't say this with scholarship, that not even the Kings wanted this duty to kill the convicted.  Those convicted of a felony were "free as a bird" and could be hunted by the people as such, and the Crown's hands would be blood free, in German territory.  But the point remains, s prison shoold not exists in a christian society except to, like the romans, house those sentenced to death.  The ancient Jews would do the same, but for cases of manslaughter they would set up asylum cities.  But even then asylum cities can only go so far, particularly when dealing with Jihaddist or a similar evil known as an abortionist.  As to foreign investments, or ancestors would have rejected allowing foreigners to own our land and our institutions.  Because our government printed more notes that was had Gold reserved, the government abandoned the Gold standard and instead let our money be backed by our economy.  The basic macroeconomic S+T=I+G is fundamentally flawed if you think these are constant terms, instead of dyanamical systems.  Our economy only has so many businesses and real estate that can be traded in exchange to back up our currency, and as foreigners have a glut of land and we have a scarcity of assets we will and have seen great currency devaluation as prices kep going on-all while the profit and IP of once American creators are transferred to foreign ownership.  Why are all our tech companies now owned by Indians that no only hire indians or create Jobs in India.  They have no allegiance to the United States, and the vast wealth of this nation could be transferred overseas in the blink of an eye for the failure to protect our own trade.  And Let's Consider the Great Elon Musk.  He hates the Idea of hiring Americans, even having an Epic meltdown in 2024.  Now his AI based system are mass banning legitimate users, including this one, for "inauthentic behavior" because he seems incapable and unwilling to hire an American who can code.
//end of indictment

A further question is, why are so many students obtaining advanced degrees in the useless arts and sciences.  I think it is effectively a corruption for court proceedings and public policy.  Everyone has an opinion, but not everyone has inveting six figured in an advanced degree to back them up to support claims of best practices through concessus.  And with scientific studies being 90% non-repeatable, or with grants being tied to specific outcomes, and various padding of data to account for under-reporting that just so happens to be multiplying observations by a factoor of 10, and narrowing or expanding a definition or data set, a modern audience should be quite skeptical of so called experts.  What are they building, what are they creating, who are they helping?   Nothing, Nothing, and typically the UN and/or George Soros. Is the DSM-V worth it's salt, was Sigmund Frued more correct with certan diagnostic categories that may only be known to the few psychoanalysts today, was Thomas Szasz right that most every mental condition is a natural response to real world events, what of the older versions of the DSM where the rainbow people were categorically mentally ill, what about all these disorders we laypersons are familiar with that are not in the formal diagnostics category. Are many diagnostics nothing more than someone who previously played with a dart board, and have a bias towards a particular result, and what does that speak for long term prognosis.  Has modern psychology does more harm than good when it effectively becomes a pill mill with potentially dangerous outcomes, partcilarly with SSRIs to the autistc or transgendered?  That many of these problems is that society has become a place that have destroyed communities, and no one really cares about anyone-that basic human compassion has been passed onto the government to provide a solution, which mirrors Reagans 9 most dangerous words in the English dictionary.  Kids might grow up with a community in grade school, before they are shipped off and warehouses in a larger middle school or high school, where the satelyte kids are effectively isolated foreigners in a land of a foreign tongue.  They are forced through this process, wih many paths of maladpativity, only to be sent off to college and then a city.  The return of the community is what I beileve some of the older, but not yet Dinosaur, conservatives like Tucker and MTG, are fighting for.  Something that might be impossible for the cities, where a person can be completely alone surrounded by millions of people. Isolation and silence, the original penitentiary model, needs not to confined to a prison cell-it was even deployed in a quary where 30 wardens could control 900 inmates.  But I digressed too much. There is the formulation of what I call the academic state that is trying to replace the legislature-a direct violation of the Lockean non-delegation principle which is also enshrined in our constitution. A rule of so called experts with the equivalant morals of Anthony Fauci, and this has been going on for decades.  So topics like violence upon women are greatly exagerated, for even telling a woman, "I don't love you any more" is an act of violence in Un influenced academia, as would be the act of using speech and reason to peacefully repair a relationship if a person felt a fear for their safety.  Getting Irate because a county actor burned down your fence and demanding the police investigate, means you might be described as a "resentful stalker" who can't get a bond in the psychology literature even though it has nothing to do with the legal definition-and you will be prosecuted as some strawman from a textbook.  Academia gets to blur the definitions, and defendants are in great peril if the jurist let their gaurds down. There are no shortage of political prisoners made by actor depoloying UN standards in American law that are fundamentally incompatable with American law, and people have to study what the law actually is rather than rely on social or academic definitions.  Is a tomato a fruit or a vegetable for tax purposes? In the absence of a formal legal definition, what mattered in Nix V Heddon is what the common person thinks.  Becareful of these charletans with effective bogus advanced studies and have an edition of new speak none of us can relate to.  The ultimate question is, what version of new speak will policy makers, the courts, and the jury understand. A definition might be a term that is overly broad and is prima facie ridiculous.   And mind you, these bodies are not likely be told the rediculousness of the definitions in their overbraod reports make exagerated findings-as these academics are allowed to lie right to their faces because they effectively changed the definitions of words in their own areas of practice, much like they attempted to do with "immunize' and "gain of funtion".  That is to say they are not serous academics and often the same can be said of their areas of studies when they pound a square peg into a circle like a man tried to get a state legislature to declare that pi was 3 so his proof of quaring a circle could work; many are frauds who are likely 6 figures in debt, and became deppendant on those who provide them financial support.  And I do mean be careful of definitions.  Many people might beileve that harassment is unprotcted speech.  The Courts have ruled it is not categorically unprotected since the early 1970s in Coates v cincinatti.  It could be trie with sending Electronic noises to a person's home, or if the word harassment is *re-defined* to include things like a "true threat" or "fighting words".  Sometimes there are other words like annoy, cause emotional distress, embarass, "resonable fear for my safety", etc, etc, which are, as applied to proteced speech, are not valid elements to proscribe. The latter, although literally an impermissible heckler's veto, was only saved because the SCOTUS recognized a narrowing so that a claim of fear for my safety can be permitted if the speech spoken was a "True threat". See counterman v Colorado. The law, to survive an attack on vagueness, is supposed to put a person of ordinary intelligence on notice what to do and what not to do.   The law is not supposed to mean a person of ordinary intelligence has to fish around the case law and effectively engage in the practice of law as to know what to do and what not to do;  a person, through reason, is supposed to know what to do and what not to do (Locke) otherwise he is a lunatic-or the law is unconstitutionally vague, although courts tend to poopoo vagueness attacks of having to deep dive through the case law. See Wainwright v. Stone, 414 U.S. 21 (1973), although in this case and at the time, homosexuality was regarded as a legal wrong and Stone could reasonably be understood to be proscribed-unlike with today's harassment law. Id est quod id est, but would it actualy hurt a state legislature to make it clear what they are proscribing?  We might have the benifit today of most published case laws being on the web, but the layperson didn't have access to an exhaustive law library at the time of wayneright.  That is a person has a right to a lawyer of a law library, and defendants are often at the mercy of a lawyers who don't want to do any work-but for sending their paralegal to copy barebones boilerplate forms from a form book to do the bare minimum, and make a phone call asking for a plea deal* . Many times, like in counterman, there are no narrowing in the statute itself but and case law, and in trying to save the statute a legislature might use "serves no legitimate purpose", or might say, "shall not apply to constitutionally protected activities".  the first of these savings provisions, and it may vary by state to try to salvage a statute from being constitutionally defective, on its face has no historical or ascertainable meaning as to tell a person what to do or what not to do.  The other has been seen as chilling protected speech, because it reduced the First Amendment to an affirmative defense. You will often see that a law school doesn't teach the First Amendment, and if it does it might be an elective. So a lawyer who failed to raise the affirmative defense of the first amendment because of his unfamiiarity with it, not just waives it in the trial court, but risks waiving it in the appeal too.  Usually the First Amendment has some additional appellate safegrauds for raising issues for the first time on appeal, so I might be incorrect off the cuff and not willing in a *quick* essay to finely dissect who has this exception but the general rule is that issues not raised in the trial court cannot be raised for the first time on appeal. Meanwhile, through VAWA's OVW, you have communist agents training the police, prosecutors, and judges to violate your rights.  I can tell you such training isn't based upon the state's case laws or evn the constitutional law-but based upon feminist/communist models toed to federal funding.

Conservatives rightfuly haven't played into the community organizing playbook, or some equivalance for their own cause-other than the military industrial complex.  Most of us who Voted for Trump 3 times were opposed to war, but some economies, like South Carolina, depend on the military industrial complex. Just about every state knows the importance of a military base, a General dynamics, or a Lockhead Martin-Even foreign countries tend to welcome a US base for the economic infusion of wealth.  But the military, while it does carry excellent benefits, isn't known for the best pay for the grunts-especially considering the risk. That is to say, the grunts will not typically have much political voice, other than the vote itself, and to some extent are limited by the chain of command and likely other laws. The left has, going back to the intro it is undermining our local governments by using federal funds to overly compensate its local activists to speak even louder and have jobs dedicated just to political advocacy.  When the government starts handing out money, we need to ask who benefits (Cui Bono) more often.  Even if it goes through a formal proposal process to create an air of illegitimacy, there are already groups who have done years of planning who will take advantage of a first come first serve basis-and many imes it will require years of planning to take the first step. Effectively locking competitors out of the "competitive" process for years to catch up.  But it can come in more than one attack vector.  That is probably why, as a layperson, you will not see any merit based jobs or opportunities anywhere.  There is a lot of corporate welfare for the friends of the politians and bureacrats, and you aren't one of them so give up on the FMA ideals of equivalant exchange or working hard-and accept that job of selling butt plugs, vibrators, and abortion pills for walmart (no, that is wrong), or give your Customers a heart attack with some McD's and a side of diabetes.  The system rewards the schemers.  The Jobs we wanted and the jobs we trained for all went to Mexico, China, and India-or foreigners are being imported here to take them.  To create, to built, is a Godly power, the power to destroy is satanic. Your elected leaders abolished nearly every incentive there is to create, unless some artistic design became some fad.  And don't expect an American studio to back up a good artistic design, because it has to be gay and retarded;  "put a chick in it and make her gay".  It is also said that beauty is Godly, however I am merely just created in his image-and apparently not the best image as far as the ladies are concerned.  Whether this is backed by theology, or by the golden ratio, I am unsure. For some reason the shareholders don't mind these companies losing billions of dollars to destroy our culture and delivering ugly products, while the Asian countries have become wildly popular giving audiences what audiences want.  ok, I really don't want stellar blade myself (and I am not calling Eve Godly), but the marketplace did. And TBH, if it was a non-violent platform game like mario brothers, I'd think i'd rather watch Eve for 1-8 hours, than some bald ugly arse androgenous transgendered woman lecturing me about using the wrong pronouns.  The Big gaming studies that once made billions of dollars hiring developers who loves games and making them, are now losing everything they earn, even being forced to close down their game studies, in giving all their wealth away to DEI staff who more likely than not hate gamers, the ip, and gaming lore.  Like all the beloved powerful institutions of yesteryear had the lifebloood sucked out of it to be redistribued to advance DEI.  But when we consider who their real owners are, the shareholders, why are they permitting this-and more to the point where does their real loyalties exist.  Did they seek to bankrupt these companies, to effectively transfer the IP for pennies on the dollar to say China, or Saudi Arabia.  If one can overlook the libertarian ideals for a moment about private property rights, and look to the purpose of a sovereign as to a common defense and to protect commerce, we are losing our national culture/identity, our IP, our companies to foreign competitors who are enriching our political enemies.  It takes a significant financial efort to overcome the static friction to bring a domestic product to a national audience;  Even low budger films that succeed are advanced by powerful gatekeeper.  What are we doing to create and preserve wealth in a system that has become so corrupted, just try to work up the management chain at the Bentonville owned local butt plugs r' us selling cheap chinese made crap?  That every monetary cycle, China is extracting a certain percentage of our money and has no where to put the cash except for maybe bonds, real estate, and even greater ownership of our companies.  And we wonder why we have an affordability crisis, when we are just an economic zone with our wealth being absorbed into china with no real resistance.  Indeed, it's not just China.  With the Solar energy Front, much of the solar devloped being paid for by government demand are going to WEF affiliate companies in New Zealand-while China presumable imports most of the Panels.  We are investing billions of dollars into solar energy and giving these farms to foreign companies, and giving them the profits too.  We why we using our tax dollars for these enormous transfers of wealth to foreign hostile actors? They are destroying our farmlands, they are destroying our forests, they are cooking the birds out of the sky, and their risk leeching heavy metals into the water supply, we pay more for electricity, and the only real benefactor is a group that wants us to own nothing, eatz ze bugs, and be happy. I'm sorry, but this amount of money is money laundering.  We would bastardize our own citizens who legitimately make bank deposits for much less in a practice known as structuring, but policy makers turn a blind eye to this. Certainly our elected leaders aren't giving away billions of dollars worth of real estate and revenues to foreign entities without a quid pro quo for a select few policy makers (many of who are already earning 6 figured in the PUC, whose only experience is previously serving as a politician), when there is no public benefit (maine has the highest electric rates in the nation because of this gren energy initiative that no one wanted).

The earliest example of teh feds paying the states I am aware of Is VAWA, which came under the safe streets act.  No one likes violence upon women, and we rightfuly shame men who do,  But it was passed without anyone really paying attention what was in it. It wanted equitable relief for what was already made criminal by law, for which by this very reason a court of chancery doesn't have equity jurisdiction. Without going into an 80 page brief, it violates just about every right there is to satisfy an agenda of the UN to treat "psychological harm" as actual violence.  That is, it became a means to impose the heckler's veto to silence (an unconstitutional prior restraint) a speaker often ex parte (which violates due process, unless it is impossible to serve and have a hearing, see Carroll v princess ann).  Just because the order is illegal, you can't violate it because the courts that lack the dignity in te first place will cry it attacks the dignity of the court (walker v burmingham)-that literally had none in the first place-except under certain recognized exceptions to the equitable bar rule. When confronted with a prior restraint one has to se judicial review-like an appeal.  Your hearing will be rushed, often within 10 days, so good luck finding an attorney, if you can afford one after being kicke dout of your home, or filing a notice of a constitutional challenge to the AG when it isn't even clear to a newcomer to the court that you can file pre-trial motions (which may be more important than te trial itself-maine v Moulton) in an expedited hearing.  Oh, these orders are equitable-which are not courts of law.  Some jrisdictions treat violations as separate misdemeanors, but they are supposed to go before a contempt hearing in chancery. historicaly, Equity should not be sustained where a defendant has a right to a jury trial-nor should equity change the jurisdiction of a court (section 16 of the judiciary act of 1789).  There may be distinctions like the maintenance of a nuisance, which isnt technically violating a law (other than a nuisance/abatement) but failing to stop a crime from happening on your premisis.  A state cannot criminalize speech unless it is somehow unproteced, such as a valid time manner and place restriction, or a categorical violation.  As to contempt in chancery, you are supposed to have a hearing first for a violation prior to incarceration.  Nonetheless, the federal government was, and may still be, paying states and municipalities to have pro-arrest policies for the violation of a prior restraint.  Sometimes when these grants came up in public meetings, the names of the grants were redacted to hide them from the public ho would oppose them.  States enhanced the penalties for violating an order, even taking away the right to a bond.  One man write his kids that he missed them, wishing two of them happy bithday.  He was held over a year without bond, given medication that was hostile to his mental state, and eventually plead to a 10 due 6 prison sentence over protected speech.  He has a copy of a demurrer that helped beat a similar charge, that is a copy of one filed by my attorney, but his lawyer never raised a first amendment defense despite being given a copy. An example of why leaving the first amendment as an affirmative defense is so chilling, and why having a lawyer might be more damning than being unrepresented where anything filed pro se is *supposed to be* a legal nullity.  So municipalities weaponized them to gag, and incarcerate their political opponents.  All the while the money was being used as economic development as financial pass throughs to your local feminist agency.  AKA comunists.  And these communist groups are recieving more money than just these pro-arrest grants.   The most distrubing thing I find is not the mere typical incompetence of a state legislature who were thirsting for federal money.  But in the preparation of a rules change motion in Georgia, since the boilerplate forms were created by the courts not the Legislature, I came to realize that the Counsel of Superior Court Judges, the Bar, and the Supreme court of Georgia were in on the corruption to when clealy they knew, or ought to have known, that that not only does this process fail to meet the 4 equitable test in the first place, but the requiremnts on the forms for issuing them do not meet the requisite test at all and directly spell out a contradiction for why the orders have no jurisdiction at all-that is a minimum finding that there exists probable cause that a cime has occurred.  What is ever worse is that in over 30 years, no one tried to challenge these laws on equitable grounds.  That is to Say, Dick the butcher had already killed all the lawyers charged with protecting our legal institutes.  The communists had already infiltrated our legal institutes; Either communist actors of otherwise bribed by the feds. Communist you say, "Abolition [Aufhebung] of the family! Even the most radical flare up at this infamous proposal of the Communists...The bourgeois family will vanish as a matter of course when its complement vanishes, and both will vanish with the vanishing of capital." (https://www.marxists.org/archive/marx/works/1848/communist-manifesto/ch02.htm).  "The tradiation Nuclear family must be destroyed".  (https://www.jstor.org/stable/community.28046891?searchUri=%2Fsite%2Freveal-digital%2Findependent-voices%2Fwomenajournalofliberation-27954034%2F%3Fso%3Ditem_title_str_asc&ab_segments=0%2Fbasic_search_gsv2%2Fcontrol&refreqid=fastly-default%3Af19e700f97c8d913e1064b20cb789478&seq=25).  

Conservative really don't know how much of a stranglehold the communist already have on our court system, they merely turned a blind eye to it.  And it has devastating implications for mathematical studies, like Marvel et all (2011) about the social spread of ideas. Under some conditions, were the general population can flip from one position to another, all one needs is about 13% of the population with a fix set of ideas.  It gets even more nefatious when one considers the competitive Lotka Volterra system of equations for population growth.  When the native population has a negative population growth, we have too many immigrants and will be driven to extinction.  Another outcome if we had a positive opulation growth rate, is that the immigrant population would be shrinking.  (https://www.dictionary.com/browse/competitive-exclusion-principle)  Although there may be narrow sets of circumstances where equilibrium or homeostatus is possible, in humans the slightest perturbation from homeostatus is an extinction level event. Even the melting pot concept, by its own nomenclature implies a destruction of the original culture.
Conservative do need to pay attention about the redistribution of wealth.  While we may not have to worry to much about the LBGT and pro-abortion type having kids, we do have to worry about those they are enabling to have kids at the detriment of others.  Not every socialist is gay, and we do know that the average American is not producing a replacement set of kids, and that the logistics population growth equation governs population growth in general which boils down to a population carrying capacity issue-from this carrying capacity it becomes a measure of access to resources.  Conservatives need to make sure that they are having kids, and plenty of them, but to ensure that other conservatives have this ability as well.  As to the socialist, they need to be weened of federal tax dollars completely save for the basic welfare of maybe 2 amphora of grain a month (what would caesar do?).
Furthermore, one of Former Senator Sinema's bathroom stalkers organized a group of 200 volunteers to call 2 million bilingual Arizonans to push for democratic in congress ( https://www.latinorebels.com/2021/01/04/fromprotesttopower/ ). There may be a connection with the Latin American communist rally cry of "la lucha", in chosing the organiational name of "LUCHA".  Wjat is going on?  We should be deporting all invaders, until this country can get its own crap together and welcome in those who share our values-or in the alternative, until we are strong enough in our own restoration so that we can return to being a missionary or a beacon to other nations.
So long as states cloak themselves from sovereign immunity, and their officiers with qualified immunity, we are a long ways away from being a dignified nation.  Even if you don't like the concept, for nearly 100 years section 1983 was used to hold the state accountable for rights violations.  Before this, a violation might be handled through a private bill in the legislature if the law did not prvide an adequate remedy to make a person whole.  This has created a 100 year vacuum for which the states has yet to fill in the void fixated on other economc concerns, practicing evasion of dignity.  We can't even begin to talk about conservativism, unless we restore the true dignity of the state.  And it far exceeds mere compensation for wrongs the state or it actors committed, but extends into the restoration of our ancient English Styled protestantism founding principles.

Another fanciful example I came across, although the communist didn't prevail, was the right to food movement.  They tried to implement the UN policy guarentee of a right to culturally appropriate food, with a focus on minorities, through maine's food sovereignty movement, but to my knowledge failed in policy.  But they still got their foot in the door.  I do gardening in Maine, and my opposition to it was due to vagueness as to what constituted food.  I didn't realize the nefarious background intent until reading a UMAINE Law Review paper ( https://digitalcommons.mainelaw.maine.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=1788&context=mlr ) on the topic, but it is not as bad as "A Modest Proposal"-although the approved referendum could be interpreted as such. Conservatives need to form a think tank to pay attention to what the UN, and its domestic advocates, are doing to usurp national sovereignty.  Before we know it, there will be a right for the USA to transport Durian fruits as an ethnic food here and deliver right to the hotel room-or PHA owned apartment complex.

A bigger more noteworth example came through the opioid settlement funds. The federal judge should have never allowed this settlement, no matter how evil the actors were.  I don't care if it was a settlement of $1 or $10 trillion dollars.  What the Federal judge allowed was allowed the state attorney generals to set Opiod policy in the state, without the consent of the legislature bypassing the consent of the governed.  There were hundreds of millions of dollars on the line for the state, and the AG's duty is to enforce the settlement agreement. So this settlement not only violated the non-delegation priciple, but deprived the states over their control of the purse to the State's AG office.  Although in some states, it did come down to a power of the purse with state legislatures reclaiming their funds, but the AG had legal oversight to ensure cmpliance. In Maine, the oversight went to the AG office, the Governor, and the democratically controlled congress  ( https://www.augustamaine.gov/corecode/uploads/document6/uploaded_pdfs/Maine-Subdivision-2023-Memorandum-of-Understanding-Regarding-Opioid-Settlement-Funds_1774555628.pdf ).  There was no bipartisan oversight.  So money that was supposed to help people with their opiod addictions instead went to fund family planning groups that funded the democrats ( https://themainemonitor.org/maine-recovery-council-project-approvals/ ) , given to local organizations that do needle exchanges (syringe service programs, or ssp)  where the needles end up literring our streets with needles.  Good paying jobs to former addicts who can do a 30 hour online video to become a recovery coaches ( https://portlandrecovery.org/training/recovery-coach-trainings/ ) [cause you know 30 hours of an online course are more valuable than a 4 year degree], and obtain better pay than what they could in the free market at the local bentonville abortion outlet. I have yet to examine who all is donating to who politically, but some of these non-profits reciving funds are giving testimony to the state legislature.  Certainly that is the right of any citizen, but that testimony is effectively being sponsored by the State AG office while the average citizen, who may like to testify on legislative isues, have their own life to deal with than keep a myopic focus on what is on the legislative calendar.  But needless to say, the present dynamic is the state AG is paying groups to effectively argue that each "overdose prevntion center" aka "safe injection sites" effectively should be given a localize monopoly in the opioid trade.  These really have nothing to do with recovery at all, and the steeets and basically evrywhere being now littered with needles, even washing up on shorelines pricking ilttle kids, might be a catalyst to geive thee George Soros affiliates ( https://www.opensocietyfoundations.org/voices/every-overdose-death-is-a-policy-failure ) this monopoly.  And of course, the bigger picture, including hidden from the publicthe archetect appears to be John hopkins University (https://opioidprinciples.jhsph.edu/) -the same group that may have been planning a covid-19 outbreak prior to covid-19( https://centerforhealthsecurity.org/our-work/tabletop-exercises/event-201-pandemic-tabletop-exercise ).  Digging further, you see another archetect is the United Nations (https://www.unodc.org/documents/drug-prevention-and-treatment/UNODC-WHO_International_Standards_Treatment_Drug_Use_Disorders_April_2020.pdf).  That they too want to provide safe injection sites, child care facilities, and reproductive health care.  Conservatives need to be aware of terms that are not defined like what is harm reduction, and who are definiing the policies.  One facility was caught distributing plan B in an unsupervised grab and go box, at face value it appears to violate title 32 M.R.S.A §13792 ("A person may not sell, distribute, vend or otherwise dispose of any drug, medicine or pharmaceutical or medical preparation by means of any public exhibition, entertainment, performance, carnival or by vending machines, except as described in subsection 2.").  But who is going to prosecute.  what probably should be done for opioid addicts willing to get help?  Maybe the creation of asylum cities so they can try to live out clean lives with strict security protocols.

In terms of political power, this (which we'll get to in the next paragraph) may be one of the bigger one.  Something very big is happening in this country.  For Us Stem Types, where have all the jobs gone to create?  While we are told 95% of us are underemployed, companies tell the USCIS they can't find talented employes-and so they import foreign workers who can't code.  It's been bad for us for over a decade, and because we are techies the normal market place doesn't want us in traditional sales; Too smart, to timid, etc, etc, for dealing with the public.  Following covid, some 94% of new jobs went to non-whites. And, I don't think they were just discriminating against white males but all citizens, who ended up being replaced by foreigners. It seems like those who are getting ahead are those who are cheating the system.  Unless you are in medical, everything seems to be retail/resteraunt/government-and a little agriculture, banking, and a lot of weed.  Lots of illegally grown weed by Chinese Cartels, Somalian medicaid fraud, and the rise of DSA land lords, and Visa Faud everywhere that is like whack-a-mole trying to stop.

Under Joe Biden, ARPA was passed that that allowed 5 billion dollars to go to municipalities to encourage the development of housing for the homeless.  It is too much of a regulatory hurdle for municipalities to build these structures and to then hold onto them since they cannot recognize revenue for their own general fund, so they effectively get passed on to those who proposed the project. Non-profit ownership is not something new, but arpa put it on steroids.  These new city created landlords would then have a low to no risk revenue stream of federally funded money, such as section 8 housing. Somehow these new constructions are being built at 3x the normal costs, and town counselors are pushing them through giving a a select group of first come first serve socialist become highly paid land lords who may investing their personal money to advance socialist candidates for office.  The exact mechanism of how this system works seems complicated.  AI Suggest that the Banks fronts the money as a mix of an investment that gets written off as a tax credit (Tax Reform Act of 1986), and a type of loan to cover what isn't written off.  Furthermore, Ai suggest that the bank can front the money at a discount.  An example given was the bank only had to front 85% of a 10 million dollar investment to save a million dollars in taxes a year, and effectively a bank makes 15% return.  However, a finance guy of mathematician would look at that and recognize that in terms of net present value, the bank would be operating at a loss.  AI will at first try to sugar coat this in words, until you drive the financial mathematical argument.   Then it will finally conceed it is the Community Reinvestment Act (of 1977) that forces banks to reinvest in low income housing.  More communism. At the end of a 15 year window, the banks ownership of the partnership becomes 0%, and the PHA then owns the project. The reason I use AI here is not to confirm exactness, or some authority, but to create some discussion.  if I am wrong, certainly cunningham's law will apply.

I have nothing against helping the homeless.  But Let's be honest, a state or municipaity could use the old Hard labour of public works poroportional punishment scheme to use convicts to, like they did centuries ago, build "castles" for the homeless to live in. That is, the can build these castle for the cost of materials and transportation thereof, tools, and the land. Part of the problem is that the federal finanial scheme as it relates to section 8 housing is broken, and the dynamics may be driving the costs of housing up.  Instead of states and municipalities at looking at what they can do to help the homeless at relatively low costs, they start to see PHAs that can turn each homeless person, through HUD, into an economic stimulus for potentially thousands of dollars each every month. An apartment has a fair market value, and HUD will pay a portion of the rent less 30% of that person's income.  That is, HUD may be driving up the cost of rent to unsustainable levels-and disproportionately too. Worse than that, it is investing a great deal of its resources in cities where it is not as economical as someplace rural.  The federal governenment could be injecting $3000/month to the land lords in new york city per recipiant, but only $700 in Maine, for effectively the same service.  All people are created equal, but some people are more equal than others.  What would happen to say NYC, if section 8 was capped to $700 a month.  People would flee, rent prices might crash, as well as the real estate market.  Housing might become affodable because we let the bubble burst.  In a sense, the federal governent is in the business of the redistriction of the peoples wealth to the lifeless blue cities, at the detriment of the rest of the country.  It has created an artificial bubble that keeps rent too damn high. It also created an incentive for illegal aliens to have more kids in the cities, up to a certain point where the gain is trivial (say 3-4 kids)-and lie about domestic vioence to obtain a vawa visa (8 U.S.C. §1154(a)(III)(1)(bb)). 24 CFR § 5.520(c) allows a prorated reimbersement for each US citizen in the family.  

Because we have unfair trade policies due to nafta that turned many of our economies to ruins, and left skeletal remains of once thriving communities.  Rural places don't have much to offer in the free market, even the wholesale prices of food is distrubingly low, and the machinery to process say produce an any industrial level to bring a product to market is quite an expense for these conomies.  It is dificult for an individual to create a thiving business, and economic development in Maine requires outside investors to invest into our community,  We're not going to achieve real growth with $15 minimum wages, the highest electric rates in the nation, a failing school system, some of the worst transportation infrastructure in the county, with our streets littered with opioid needles, or allowing vagrancy of the homeless.  The political class have seemingly given up trying to revitalize the maine Economy, and instead employed cheap tricks which includes criminal enterprises which may veryy well be keeping them in power.  That is the Chinese "Triad" weed or illegal grow houses that are never really prosecuted, Medicaid fraud which it allowed despite document abuses, and an obsession with abortion and transgenderism, and replacing our state with 10% new mainers, and this PHA initiative. The democrats can't bail out our state, so it turned to international crime rings, wannabe warlords, and welfare fraud-and God only knows why they are tormenting us with these green energy initiatives that just pushes money to new Zealand and China.  As much as people hate this kind of fraud, the money it draws in, at least that which remains in our state, may be the only thing keeping big retailers and resteraunts here besides the elderly on social security. And one does have to ask, are colleges these days just a scam.  Like why do they have health care mandates now, or the age old you have to live on campus for your freshmen year, or you have to buy into a meal plan that drives up your cost of food by 4 or more. As one VP of financial aid (not in the Maine system) said, the new dining commons is a good thing because you can borrow more money.  It is a cash infusion into the university and the local economy that is in no way good for the student.  Everything about our economy seems fake and gay.  I once used to ilve in a place where false arest were rampent.  I, like most people, didn't know this at the time, but court fees were generating 10% of the county's general fund to create a more business friendly place. 76% of the sheriff's budget came from civil asset forfeiture. The criminal justice system for smaller offenses was for the most part a salami slice; Cut em lose so long as the pay the probation and court fees.  Oh, some poeple aren't accepting our plea machinery?  We'll let's create drug court, veterans court, mental health court, to draw even more revnues while keeping the cost of prosecution and the risk of litigation down.  Nothing at all seems legitimate about our post-industrial economy.  Some may point to maybe a local bakery; ok, but you aren't going to export to England on a commercial scale without heavy investments.  Carpentry, elctrical, plumbing, construction, sheetrocking, just local cycles that doesn't bring any external wealth into the economy-maybe some wealth might be pulled out of investments, but it is not really new wealth bring brought into the community just an exchange in wealth storage.   And if you look at the dynamics of the spending cycle, it is effectively cycling the money around as much as possible for any illegitimate reason (including teletherapy) and without any value added, until it its retail.  Once it enters retail, china or some other foreign country gets a cut diluting our own wealth, and by extention the parent out of state company s the money is removed from the local economy, and the stakeholders who are likely multinationals with no allegince to the United States.  And what does shop local mean, you pay more so China gets a cut, maybe a bigger cut since it wasn't purchased by the tens of thousands, or maybe the item originally came from a big box retailer.  It is a giant death spiral.  What are we producing?  Where is the real economy?  Even the farmers, the truest producers, are struggling, and they are the very engines that feed the world.  Why does everything feel so fake and gay, and what happens to the person who says I want to create-it is hard coded in my DNA.  Everything is already to each his ability to produce, and to each according to his need. Even those who are capable of producing may not be able to bring a product to the market or do so profitably, and what has become of the companies that used to want American producers?  The old adage is true, you can't simply build a better mouse trap; You need people to market that. But we can't effectively market "made in the USA", and heck, even conservatives can't even market what the heck they are conservative.  in any event, Trump is right, we need tarriffs.  We need produce new wealth into the hands of Americans not merely cycle the same wealth until it is exhausted; stop handing our wealth to neocolonial globalist who merely seek to syphon off what left of our wealth reserves.  And Elon musk, start hiring some Americans to stop Grok from falsely banning your users.  Do you rely on ML or LLM AI's too much? and have no one left to develop hueristics based AI?  you are going to lose your userbase if you can't control Grok.  Maybe build a diplicate of X, and let Grok play on a test server, give notifications to actual users to trigger some kind of fewdback, as to refine grok as to not assail actual users first.

*There is a huge fraud in regard to these plea lawyers, who then choose to railroad a client, or use the IST process to offload a client to a state mental hospital, without due process and at the expense of 5th amendment rights, that remains unchecked. there may be soe people who need IST relief, but in practice it s heavily abused and the abuse has no daylight.  Appeals of the orders tend to be interlocutory (immediate), so even if a person affected attempts to appeal they will unlikely know to obtain a certificate of immediate review-where the judge more than likely allowed the waiver of a requsite hearing to begin with.  There is also an added burden that a person declared IST, cannot repesent themselves (though I did in federal court on another matter, and raised an issue that became a scotus blog petition of the day). And once inside a hospital, there are no pens for safety reasons.  So with effectively no lawyer, limited to markers, and wth an IST status, and presumably no notary to fill out an IFP form, good luck petitioning for a habeas corpus-it's all a marxist humiliation ritual for those who were arrested for political reasons of opposing the party-and this happens in so called red states too.  The state ends up paying tens of thousands of dollars to effectively cover for a lawyer who lacks the requisite character fitness to be an attorney, that he would rather stab his client in the back than do a little work or be exposed as incompetent and lose his license.  He chose for his client to be perpetually humiliated, so that he can continue to fraudulently engage in the practice of law with little no no oversight.  I had to deal with two of them who claimed I couldn't assist them, and to be honest neitehr had the requisite competency to be practicing law in the first place.  I provided the reason to dismiss a criminal charge due to a spontaneous statement (spontaneous statements are not protected by miranda rights) prior to arrest as to how the arrest was unlawful (I prevailed on that argument), it was right there on the table and all they needed to do was find an authority.  The concept should be well understood by any high school civics student, but somehow states are admitting lawyers who couldn't pass a high school civics test.  Heck, when I fist met my attorney he said I was guilty (he never picked up the revised code annotated to see what the actual standards for a convictions were), and I handed him a demuurrer showing otherwise only for them to gut the demurrer and lose-my demurrer completely destroyed a requsite element of the charge as a matter of undesputed fact-and he left that out.  The detective also introduced bogus evidence (admitted in a RFA in the civil suit), and they ignored the fact that the actual evidence could be obtained in the court of appeals with explicit exculpable language.  Although i did ask a first amendment attorney to help me and she did, the case was dismissed on an Issue that I myself raised [which likely was greatly assisted by that attorney's brief]-particularly after the judge ordered a copy of the original that I had been requesting for about a year.  So even legal nullities can be heard if you complain about your attorney.  The actual undesputed evidence (agreed to by all parties), revealed the state had no case as it contained language that was the exact opposite of what the state required for a conviction-which is why the detective hid it.  The county had pro arrest policies per an OVW grant, and such policies allow cops to arrest innocent men whom the cops them go on to demand dates and nude pictures from the women-fresh meat on the dating market-and the men are gagged. I digress, but DEI has killed the the profession of law-and my public defenders were white men...no, they lacked the requisite logos to be called men. Law school tends to teach blacks letter law, and don't even require students to show up to earn a grade of a C due to no-fail policies, so all that a lawyer has to do is maybe do a cram session to pass some multistate bar exam (and multiple choice ethics exam, we expect any high schooler to pass, but some 25% of law students somehow fail-despite often taking a course on ethics) that has no bearing on the laws in the state in which they practice.  Yeah, that's right.  Clinics and clerkships aside, a law school does not prepare a law student for the practice of law in any particular state.  And to the extent there are law clinics, the family law clinics may be dubious at best and ethical traps that professional binds law students with a duty to represents past clients that creates conflicts from engaging in the zealous advocacy required for future clients.  You can't, for example, argue these are unconstiutionl en toto for a new Client if you helped obtain one for a past client.
Conservatives need to restore the pactice of law, and ensure that law students have the requisite aristocratic natural law religious education to be proper attorneys, and ensure that the attorneys who practice are competent to practice in the state.  They need to retake control of the state bars, stop currying favor to the federalist who are just as bad as the communists, and ensure that the wall of separation between chancery and law remain absolute by abolishing the TRO framework, and get rid of the IST process or at least ensure proper procedural safegurds to protect the public from unethical and incompetent attorneys. 
